# BankManagmentSystem
Creating a data of a bank by using SQL
System description System of a BANK Keeps track of BANK name and ID A BANK has BRANCHES (must have at least one) We keep track of BRANCH's name, ID, and address (Country, city, street, building_no). A BRANCH must belong to a BANK. BANK must be headquartered at a single BRANCH, and a headquarter BRANCH must be related to a BANK. Each BRANCH has EMPLOYEES working for it. We keep track of EMPLOYEE's Employee_id, SSN, Name (First, middle, last), their email(s) and phone number(s), salary, DOB, and address (Street, building_no, unit_no). Each EMPLOYEE must work in a single branch. Each EMPLOYEE works for a single DEPARTMENT, which can have many EMPLOYEES working for it. Each BRANCH maintains a number of ACCOUNTS. We keep track of ACCOUNT's account_no, type and balance. An ACCOUNT must be maintained by a BRANCH. ACCOUNTS are held by CUSTOMERS.Each CUSTOMER must hold at least one ACCOUNT. Each ACCOUNT must be held by a single CUSTOMER We keep track of CUSTOMER's Customer_ID, SSN, Name (First, middle, last), their email(s) and phone number(s), DOB, and address (Street, building_no, unit_no). A BRANCH offers LOANS. A LOAN must be offered by a BRANCH 2
We store LOAN's Loan_id, Loan_type and Loan_amount..LOANS are availed by each CUSTOMER. A loan must be availed by a single customer (total participation, 1), but a customer need not avail a loan, or may avail one or more loans. (partial participation,n) A LOAN is paid in PAYMENTS. A PAYMENT must belong to a LOAN. We store PAYMENT's Payment_number (first, second, third etc payment), type, and pay_amount.
